After that we have the rotate and I have to be right away straight up honest with you.
That with rotations the x and y directions are gonna be hard to see especially as I'm showing this.
And the example.
Now it's gonna be easier to see is gonna be rotate Z and we're also gonna look at the shortcut and that's
the reason why I'm going to start right away with our rotation z because I think we're gonna be using
that more often than just X and Y.
Now disease is gonna work like let's say first we're gonna be looking for transformation and we're working
here with the second one I believe right.
That was the green one and then we have rotate and then we're looking for to see now the way this is
gonna work.
If we were gonna write some kind of degrees let's say 45 degrees this is gonna be the easiest one to
see because this is gonna be rotated right now on the z axis.
Very straightforward very simple.
So if I'm gonna say a hundred and eighty nine this is I was going to move on lady and this is obviously
going to be exactly the same like we had before but let's say if we would want to I don't know go with
hundred and thirty five.
Then again this is gonna look exactly like the forty four.
You get an idea we have 360 degrees and then we can rotate the element however light.
Now this is gonna go with x axis and y axis.
So here you have a transform are you know what before we actually cover the x and y axis we also want
to say that this is gonna be exactly the same.
So if so then let's say copy and paste it.
The red one and change it around too.
I don't know three hundred and forty.
We're gonna get some kind of rotation because this would be the shorthand so we don't have to type.
We can just say okay rotate and both of them would mean exactly the same thing huh.
Yeah.
And that is just going to be side note.
Hopefully you get that.
And then last but not least we're gonna be looking at both of them the x and y and here out one transform
that I'm looking for.
Like I said already rotation and full rotation I'm looking for the x value and this keeps you from getting
a little let's say 20 degrees.
Like I said this is gonna be hard to see because what I'm doing as I'm rotating this x direction or
if I'm telling you then this is gonna be nine degrees we're not gonna be able to see that because if
we're looking at the X plain light right now we have rotated this exactly nine degrees and this is gonna
be hard to see.
Now we can also do the same thing let's say here comment is out and we're gonna do the y direction so
let's do trends and then rotate y direction and again this is gonna work exactly the same where let's
say 20 degrees it is gonna rotated.
So this is gonna be a little bit small at this moment already y direction because previously remember
it got smaller in the x axis because we were flipping it around the x axis.
Now we're flipping it around the y axis.
So this is the reason why 20 degrees is gonna make this smaller here.
Now I'm going to go 40 degrees and this is gonna get even smaller 68 degrees is going to something like
this even smaller and then finally again if I want to flip it around I can do 90 degrees and then my
actual element is gonna totally disappear right now because we have rotated this 90 degrees.